Hi, guys, in this lesson, we're going to create an application load balancer back in the easy to
management console, you should still have your auto scaling group running with your two instances.
And what we're going to do is scroll down to auto scaling groups.
We're going to click on Edit for Auto Scaling Group, and I'm going to come down to load balancers,
remove the NHLBI Target Group and choose the Albi Target Group, and then it's come down and save.
So now that's been updated.
Let's go to target groups, and I just want to show you something quickly.
Let's go to TG Dash Albi, and let's just give this a refresh.
Now we can see the instances are here, but the health status is unused.
Now the reason for that is because we don't have a load balancer, so you don't get a health check until
we have a load balancer using these instances.
That's why they're in the unused status.
So let's resolve that.
Let's go and create a load balancer.
I'm going to choose load balances here Crate Load Balancer and application load balancer.
I'm going to call it my Albi, and you can see this wizard is slightly different to the NLP wizard,
which was updated recently.
I assume this will be updated again soon, so you might find it slightly different.
This is a constant thing with IWC.
They're always changing the console, so the load balance of protocol is cheap and easy.
That's good.
We could, of course, add an HD kps protocol if we chose HD TP.
It wouldn't like the fact that we have two listeners on the same port now.
For now, we don't want to do that.
We're just going to add an FTP listener.
We'll do HD scopes a bit later on the VPC.
I'm going to use the default.
I have to select a subnet for this.
I because I have two options and four B and C.
This is going to auto assign those.
Now these addresses are going to be assigned by IWC.
They're going to be public addresses because this is a public facing low balance.
So we chose internet facing up here.
Now there is no option for elastic types, as you can see.
So let's just scroll down.
Click on next.
Click on security groups, and now we have to assign a security group, note that with the NHLBI, there
was no security group option.
You can't assign a security group to an NLP.
But for a ALP, you do.
Let's move on to configure and routing.
We're going to choose existing target group and it also fills Albi because that's the only one available
which actually fits the ALP.
But you couldn't use the NHLBI Target Group because it specified a TCP protocol and you can't have a
TCP protocol with an ALP, it must be HTP or HTTPS.
I can leave the remaining defaults here.
I'm happy with the health check settings as they are.
We can see that we already have registered targets because they're registered with the target group
that we've specified.
So we just got to review and create and that's going to create a load balancer.
I'm now going to close out of here and we just need to give that a couple of minutes while it's provisioning.
And then we should see all instances in a healthy state and we'll be able to connect using the DNS name
while that's happening.
Let's go to actions, edit attributes so we can see there's quite a few options with the ALP.
We can enable deletion protection so you can't immediately delete your load balancer.
We have an idle time out.
This determines the amount of time before an idle connection is disconnected.
We got http two enabled, and then there's a couple of options here for security.
So decent mitigation mode, which determines how the load balance a handles requests that might pose
a security risk.
We can drop invalid header fields and we can enable access logs here and again.
This is using an S3 bucket.
Why file open is used with the web application firewall and it basically means that if you can't contact
with the low bounce account, contact WAAF, then it will fail open.
It will allow connections free.
We can forward TLS version and cipher information client.
Port preservation is where the load balancer is, adding the exe forwarded for header to the packets
that are sent to your easy instances, and that includes the source IP of your clients so you can enable
that if you want to.
I'm just going to cancel out of here.
Now, let's give this a refresh and see what state we're in.
So it looks like we have an active load balancer.
Let's copy the DNS name, and let's just go to our target group to make sure our instances are healthy.
We'll give this a refresh, and there we go.
We have two healthy instances, so that's good.
We should be able to connect now.
So I'm going to open a new browser tab, paste in the Ailbhe DNS name, and I get sent to the instance
in U.S.C. eight.
Now, if I refresh my browser, I go to USB one C, then back, I see, I see.
So every time I refresh, it sends me to a different load balancer node.
Now we can control this so that we stick a session to a particular load balancer node.
And there's some good reasons for doing that will cover that.
And another lesson shortly.
Now that's it for this particular lesson.
What we're going to do now is just leave our load balance of running.
We're going to leave our auto scaling group running because we're going to come back to that in another
hands on.